Brother Nian, since I chased you, I came here
I just wanted to teach him a lesson
Put yourself away
If you dare to bully my unmarried grace again
Don't blame me for showing you no mercy.
Brother Ning, I am your sweetheart
You forgot this bracelet.
Do you know if this bracelet is yours?
If you dare to lie to me
I make you regret trying here
The Buddha is really fickle
Some time ago, I loved Shen Anan and loved to death
Gu Xiwu, your grandfather also retreated
Now it seems like a different person
Miss Lu has so many secrets that make me curious
How can I still have the heart to break the marriage?
What a pity!
This marriage
Did Miss Lu sit in the wrong seat?
If I remember correctly
This position should be block girl
There are only three seats in the first row of the awards show
One is to be more ruthless to Mu Ning
One is for the organizers
The last one is about leveling me.
How dare you be in the first row
I'd love to. Can you handle it?
Wrong location is wrong
Don't mess with what your mother gave you
That's not something you can afford.
I'm sitting in my own seat and I need to report to you